# notificationApp
The project has two main parts the client side and the server side.

The client-side is built using React and it's located in the client directory.
The server-side is built using Node.js and it's located in the server directory.
The test directory contains the test files for both the client and the server side.
The logs directory contains the logs generated by the application.
The .env file contains the environment variables for the application.
The client folder contains all the necessary files for the React application, such as the public folder, which contains the index.html file, the src folder, which contains the components, services, and the main React files such as App.js, index.js, styles.js.

The server folder contains all the necessary files for the Node.js application, such as the controllers, models, routes folders, which contain the logic for the CRUD operations of the logs, the app.js and index.js files, which contain the setup and configuration of the server, and the config.js file which contains the database configuration.

The test directory contains the test files for both the client and the server side, where you can place your test cases and run them using a test runner like Jest.

The logs directory contains the logs generated by the application, where you can find all the information necessary to identify that the notification has been sent correctly to the respective subscriber, such as the type of message, type of notification, user data, time, etc.

